Hi Abigail Smithson,


  Thank you for contacting Microsoft Customer Support Desk. This is Bhargav, I am going to help you with the issue you have contacted us about. To my understanding, I see that you are facing an issue with the display,date, and time. And also change your billing address.I also apologize for your name being spelled wrong. I do understand you are upset with this issue do not worry, maybe I can help you resolve this issue. We do not want you to have an experience like that. I would be more than happy to help you with that. You have reached the right department and we would resove this issue by following few procedures. Hope we can do that.

  We kindly request you to follow the procedures.
 Step 1. We need to restart the system by clicking the restart option found on the left corner of the windows icon
 Step 2. After restarting the system, we now need to go to the control pannel option found in the settings column
 Step 3. Once we are there, we now need to change the date and time accordingly
 Step 4. After changing the date and time we now need to click save changes which appears on top right corner of the screen 
 Step 5. You are again requested to restart the system and will find the problem resolved
 And is it fine if I update your billing address to Suite 96, The Pineapple Plaza, floor 9, 26th Main road, Houston, Texas 560023. You can also opt for email bills, appreciate your idea of saving trees. Also sorry for spelling your name wrong on the bill it would be corrected to Smithson.

Please do let us know if the troubleshooting steps mentioned above, work out in your favor. I assure you, we would definitely see some success there. Please do reach out to us for further queries, we would be more than glad to help you. You also might want to take a look at support.microsoft.com/help, and manage your account, look at new updates and offers online. Once again, thank you for being the best part of Microsoft. Have a good day ahead.


Thank you,
Bhargav. 
Microsoft.